# Data Science in Business
## How Data Science is saving lives
- Predictive analytics to help determine best course of medicine in the healthcare industry
- Earlier/faster warnings for natural disasters

## How should companies get started in data science?
- Start capturing/measuring the relevant data
- Archive it, data never gets old
- Key to have a team with individuals offering different areas of expertise in data science

## Applications of Data Science
- Recommendation engine: for example, buying products and getting recommendations
- UPS created a better route guidance system
- Netflix uses viewer behavior/preferences to determine what could be a hit

## The Final Deliverable
- Ultimate purpose of analytics is to communicate findings to the concerned who might use these insights to formulate policy or strategy.
- Consulting and business could provide small document illustrated with tables and plots or comprehensive document consisting of hundreds of pages
- Deloitte example: report opens with grabber highlighting positive U.S. economy outlook
-   Various time series plots to illustrate trending markets and four likely future scenarios

## Summary
- Data Science helps physicians provide the best treatment for their patients, and helps meteorologists predict the extent of local weather events, and can even help predict natural disasters like earthquakes and tornadoes.
- That companies can start on their data science journey by capturing data. Once they have data, they can begin analysing it.
- Some ways that data is generated by consumers. 
- How businesses like Netflix, Amazon, UPs, Google, and Apple use the data generated by their consumers and employees.
- The purpose of the final deliverable of a Data Science project is to communicate new information and insights from the data analysis to key decision-makers.